Oh sunny day how's it going right color
oh my god so I've tried to kill me jelek
my spiky hair I didn't even finish it
doing it today I just I forgot about it
so it's all spiky now hey cuz I spike it
up and then I push it forward you go to
the flag okay oh yeah elementary school
I was the first one you sit down after
the federal agents that I got in trouble
check that's disrespectful to our
country okay sorry well somebody's got
to be the first one all I know whoever
sits down person dies yeah I usually
push my hair backwards and i push it
forwards I don't but I forgot to push it
forward so now add rent like that Jacob
thank you everybody cares about my hair
styles bite and yeah I know I don't
forget that so we're at this thing
called book Brooklyn's playground the
fuck you it's getting playground
actually see yeah that's the park over
there make a pretty big and so they
asked me to come film some stuff so I
could come here like every day Phil
makes that move and this is the first
time you guys have been here yep for
sergeant except newspapers huge of yeah
I know it's pretty big like I don't know
how to describe how big that is it's
just big I got burned
chop-chop oh hi blog TV time yeah
so
loius here we just got down on some
movie pillow movie okay yeah can anybody
guess what movie we were watching okay
it's recording let's do it in the
hallway do what I'm sorry ok not ok know
how does that make you feel okay okay
ready yeah six hours to yeah but I gotta
know okay take care of what are we doing
oh you know I'm being its hero I'm being
a hero oh I do like it's much no you
have not new shot clock face
it's not the trays you're annoying see
I'm the probe locker mrs. a spark and
it's my special haters